unable to create pods after setting resources (#29416)
openshift/openshift-docs: modules/deployments-setting-resources.adoc

A deployment is completed by a pod that consumes resources (memory, CPU, and ephemeral storage) on a node. By default, pods consume unbounded node resources. However, if a project specifies default container limits, then pods consume resources up to those limits.

[NOTE]
====

> The minimum memory limit for a depoyment is 12 MB. If a container fails to start due to a `Cannot allocate memory` pod event, the memory limit is too low. You should either increase or remove the memory limit. Removing the limit allows pods to consume unbounded node resources.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The minimum memory limit for a deployment is 12 MB. If a container fails to start due to a `Cannot allocate memory` pod event, the memory limit is too low. Either increase or remove the memory limit. Removing the limit allows pods to consume unbounded node resources.
```
